guys I'm 13 years old and that's not a
get sponsored by redbull modest Cooper
yeah torial um things are recommended as
a scooter um you might want to basket uh
I got the razor XE you don't need access
like a thousand dollars right there that
I dropped on scootering because I I'm
gonna get sponsored by redbull day in
this video hey guys so this is my razor
XE added some goggles back here to a fly
basket I leave this basket um beautiful
Scout camp um yeah I hit up some gnarly
cliff today so I got some stuff that's
why bluff songs got the beautiful grips
and I got the nice rubber tires I've
beaten like a 54 centimeters be laid up
yeah they light up to which is nice for
the night so you can see your tricks it
is also on authentic razer you can see
right there um you also have a spring in
their spring loaded so it's a better of
a jump um and you got there and you got
that spring mr. make sure oh yeah and
you got the green uh razor grazie that's
like original right there yeah it's
Rachel anywhere else and um you also got
the adjuster down here actually don't
know what that does but that's something
the first thing you want to know is the
bunny hop so what you're gonna want to
do this you're gonna want to lift the
front up bring the back up just like
this second thing you want to notice how
to gap straw so um here we go so you're
gonna want to this is where to put the
bunny hop into play so here we go
so next year 1 l's of horsemen you're
basically just gonna want to move this
around better make sure to not break the
ligaments in the wrist right there um
wrap right here right there and you're
gonna want to let go and don't spend the
other wakes you'll break the alignment
so you're gonna want to spend that way
grab it so here we go I haven't quite
got this one yet I've been working on it
and my mom's coaching me but kind of
hard you saw that I kind of rage some
last one sorry mom shoots lately um so I
think I broke my think no that's okay um
basically i broke my basket goggles off
he's a fraud t-bar so I'm gonna try to
no comply this thing last videos I've
been doing very well but I think it's
the wind or something I don't know
what's up it's been affecting me but I'm
gonna ride around the kids light up and
they want my autograph so i'm gonna show
you one laughs at last and final trick
it's called a TOA never been invented um
yeah here we go
ah
don't get injured
special thanks to escape guy named uh
huh court that's on our I don't know who
that guy is figs are parking through
something about my Barbie and skipper